@anchor{Macro clim:with-input-editing}
@deffn {Macro} {clim:with-input-editing} (&optional stream &rest args &key input-sensitizer initial-contents class) &body body
@findex clim:with-input-editing
Establishes a context in which the user can edit the input
typed in on the interactive stream stream. Body is then
executed in this context, and the values returned by body are
returned as the values of @code{with-input-editing}. Body may have
zero or more declarations as its first forms.

The stream argument is not evaluated, and must be a symbol that
is bound to an input stream. If stream is @code{t} (the default),
*standard-input* is used. If stream is a stream that is not an
interactive stream, then @code{with-input-editing} is equivalent to
progn.

input-sensitizer, if supplied, is a function of two arguments,
a stream and a continuation function; the function has dynamic
extent. The continuation, supplied by CLIM, is responsible for
displaying output corresponding to the user's input on the
stream. The input-sensitizer function will typically call
@code{with-output-as-presentation} in order to make the output
produced by the continuation sensitive.

If initial-contents is supplied, it must be either a string or
a list of two elements, an object and a presentation type. If it
is a string, the string will be inserted into the input buffer
using @code{replace-input}. If it is a list, the printed
representation of the object will be inserted into the input
buffer using @code{presentation-replace-input}.
@end deffn
